He said this card has a meaning,
I'll call and ask now,
If it is true, I will go with him,
If it is not in the book, I will never protect him again.
OK, I'll let you go,
Please let you see how shining you are,
Will be ignored by this little destructive thing!
Please Xiaojun, let me ask you one last glance,
Did you lie at all?
Really, no more!
I told you that you lied to me, and we will be inseparable from now on.
No more melon brother.
Only a fool like you can know the news,
A cooked and tattered thing can have a meaning. Hello, hello
Let me check the card number
8765 bar
Hello, 888’s fish amount
Find the current card number for you
What to certify for a doctor?
There really is a leaf yes
How about being a real leaf?
I didn't lie to you, did I?
There is one leaf, right?
Where did you get so much money?
So just leave it alone
Anyway, I have so much money that I can’t do it without this time.
You should promise me and Ruixing